MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT


This mutual confidentiality agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into on ${dossierStart} by and between:

A.	${Counterparty}, with offices located at ${companyAddress}, ${companyZip} ${companyCity}, ${companyCountry} (“External Party”) and

and 

B.	Nescio Equity Holding B.V., with offices located at Herengracht 410, 1012 HJ Amsterdam, The Netherlands  (“Nescio Company”);

(External Party and Nescio Company are hereinafter also individually referred to as “Party” and collectively referred to as the “Parties”);

•	WHEREAS External Party is in possession of or will possess confidential information of commercial, financial and/or industrial significance related but not limited to ${ndaInformationNescio} (“ Information Nescio Company”); 

•	WHEREAS Nescio Company is in possession of or will possess confidential information of commercial, financial and/or industrial significance related but not limited to ${ndaInformationExternal} (“Information External Party”);

(Information External Party or Information Nescio Company, depending on the context in which such term is used, will hereinafter be referred to as “Information”);

WHEREAS External Party and Nescio Company intend to engage in discussions with regard to a possible ${ndaSubject}, wherein each Party may wish to disclose to the other Party, or gain access to, Information for the purpose of furthering their discussions (the “Purpose”);

NOW THEREFORE, in order to protect each Party’s rights with respect to its Information, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

1.	In addition to the other capitalized terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the following meaning:

“Affiliate” means a Nescio Company, whether a corporation or other business entity, that is Controlling, Controlled by or under common Control with a Party. 

“Authorized Representative” means a director, officer, employee or consultant of the Receiving Party and/or an Affiliate thereof who has a “need to know” the Disclosing Party’s Information to achieve the Purpose.

“Control” means the direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the equity interest in an entity, or the ability in fact to control the management decisions of such entity.

“Disclosing Party” means the Party who directly or indirectly discloses  Information under this Agreement.

“Receiving Party” means the Party receiving or gaining access to Information from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party.

2.	Each Party agrees that it:
a.	shall not use Information received from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party except for the Purpose;
b.	without detracting from the generality of Section 2(a), shall not use Information received from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party to reverse engineer or design around the Disclosing Party’s proprietary projects and products; and 
c.	shall not disclose Information received from or on behalf of the Disclosing Party to any person or entity, except for an Affiliate or Authorized Representative who is bound by confidentiality and non-use obligations at least as restrictive as those contained herein under a written agreement with the Receiving Party. 

The Receiving Party shall procure that each Affiliate and Authorized Representative receiving or having access to Information of the other Party complies with the aforesaid confidentiality and non-use obligations.

3.	Each Receiving Party shall treat the Disclosing Party’s Information as confidential and shall not itself use or disclose to any third party (other than an Affiliate or Authorized Representative as set out in Section 2) any of such Information, except as may be required for the Purpose or any Information which the Receiving Party can establish:
a.	at the time of disclosure is generally available in the public domain;
b.	after disclosure becomes generally available in the public domain by publication or otherwise, except by breach of this Agreement by the Receiving Party or breach by any other party under an agreement of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party;
c.	by written records was lawfully known to it at the time of disclosure by or on behalf of the Disclosing Party and was not acquired directly or indirectly from the Disclosing Party or from any other party under an agreement of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party;
d.	by written records was received from an independent source who has a lawful right to disclose the Disclosing Party’s Information;
e.	is permitted to be so disclosed by prior written approval of the Disclosing Party; or
f.	is required by law, judicial or arbitral process, regulatory authority or the rules of a recognized stock exchange to be disclosed, provided that, to the extent legally permissible, the Receiving Party gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of such requirement to disclose and a reasonable opportunity to obtain a protective order and the Receiving Party takes the necessary steps to minimize the extent of disclosure. 

4.	The Receiving Party will: 
a.	take all reasonable steps, including but not limited to steps at least as restrictive as those precautions to protect information, data or other tangible or intangible property of its own that it regards as proprietary or confidential, to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Information is not disclosed, used or duplicated for other's use other than as permitted in this Agreement; and 
b.	prevent any Affiliate and Authorized Representative from violating the obligations under this Agreement.  

5.	Neither Party shall disclose the existence and/or nature of this Agreement or the Purpose. 

6.	The Disclosing Party shall disclose to the Receiving Party only such of its Information as the Disclosing Party, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable for the Purpose. The Receiving Party may in its sole discretion refuse to receive any Information offered to be disclosed by the Disclosing Party.

7.	A Party shall immediately notify the other Party in writing upon the occurrence of any unauthorized disclosure or use of Information or any other breach of this Agreement of which it becomes aware.

8.	Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party shall remain at all times the sole property of the Disclosing Party. Nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as a license or grant to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates or Authorized Representatives of any title, intellectual property right or other right to, or interest in, the Disclosing Party’s Information. 

9.	Upon completion of review of the Disclosing Party’s Information by the Receiving Party, or upon the written request of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving Party shall return to the Disclosing Party all the Information provided by the Disclosing Party and marked confidential, and any copies thereof in its possession, promptly by registered mail, certified mail, or courier service, which retains record of the mailing, except that the Receiving Party may retain one copy of such Information for the sole purpose of determining any continuing legal obligations to the Disclosing Party.

10.	Each Party represents and warrants that:
a.	it is permitted, and has all requisite power and authority, to execute this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder; and
b.	the terms of this Agreement are not inconsistent with other contractual obligations it may have. 

No Party makes any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of its Information disclosed hereunder.  

11.	Notwithstanding the terms of this Agreement, neither Party shall be obligated to enter into any further agreement with the other. However, should the Parties decide to enter into any further agreement, such agreement shall be negotiated in good faith.

12.	This Agreement is binding upon the Parties and their successors in business. 

 
13.	Neither Party shall have the right to, and shall not, assign, transfer or encumber any of its rights and/or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party. However, a Party shall have the right to assign its rights hereunder to any purchaser of substantially all of its business assets, without the written consent of the other Party being required.

14.	All notices required by or sent in connection with this Agreement shall be in writing and in English and delivered by fax, hand, registered mail or courier, to the legal department of the other Party (and any other department(s) or person(s) as may be notified in writing by such Party) at its registered address and fax number. A notice shall be effective upon receipt and shall be deemed to have been received (i) at the time of delivery, if delivered by hand, registered mail or courier and (ii) at the time of successful transmission in legible form, if delivered by fax.

15.	This Agreement will be effective from the date set out in the caption on the first page of this Agreement and will continue in effect for the term of one (1) year, except for the confidentiality and non-use obligations, which obligations will survive any termination of this Agreement.

16.	This Agreement may be terminated by either Party by written notice to the other Party at any time prior to the expiration of this Agreement. Any termination of this Agreement shall not affect the Receiving Party’s obligations hereunder with respect to Information that has been disclosed prior to termination of this Agreement and the corresponding rights of the Disclosing Party in relation thereto.

17.	This Agreement may not be modified except by mutual written consent of both Parties and laid down as an amendment to this Agreement. 

18.	This Agreement supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, between the Parties relating to the Purpose. 

19.	The Receiving Party hereby agrees that for any breach of any provision of this Agreement by the Receiving Party, the Disclosing Party may be entitled, in addition to any other remedies it may have and without the need to post a bond, to specific performance, injunctions or other appropriate orders to correct or restrain any such breach by the Receiving Party.

20.	This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the Netherlands without having regard to its conflict of law provisions. All disputes arising out of or in relation to this Agreement shall be referred to a competent court in the Netherlands, which court shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any such disputes. The Parties agree that any judgment of a competent Dutch court is enforceable in any court having jurisdiction over the Parties.


ACCEPTED AND AGREED BY:

______________________		______________________
${Counterparty}			Nescio Equity Holding B.V.
By:							By: 
Title:			Title:
Date: 			Date: 

